okay wait a second it is September 2nd
Labor Day kids are gonna show off their
diving in the pool go Marley yeah
Marley's cheating a little bit with her
water wings but that's alright
she is almost 3 and this guy is almost 5
Scott you have to wait till she gets on
the loveseat
yep ok swimming Miley wait
Miley do you like swimming alright are
you good at jumping off the diving board
alright alright let's see it buddy don't
jump too close to the side Skyler
Schuyler too close to the side it's okay
wait Marley wait wait wait wait wait
okay am i are you gonna jump
do your dance before you go in yeah yeah
all right okay go swim over Marley
sky sky wait till she's on what kind of
jump are you gonna do this time it's
kind of tricky does it have a name
no you're gonna go okay here wait let me
see if I can see those goggles look up
see no you're not see we can see those
skull and crossbones on his goggles and
I'm pretty cool all right buddy
you over there okay go sky good swimming
buddy hi mommy
what baby doll okay one more okay go
ahead
mmm you can do one more - okay ready set
go go go mondo yay no okay well we can
do a more banality camera Miley go go
kick and swim over are you floating good
girl
okay go swim over baby doll
and that's a guy you have to wait till
she gets on the step Skylar
don't jump too close to the side okay
all right what kind of jump are you
gonna do this time a tricky one who's
the best football team in the world
all right okay Scott don't jump too
close to the side ready set go
good job buddy
all right guys I'm really proud of you
can you guys say bye to the camera
hi guys say bye well watching we go
inside okay
no we gone